Like most stream processing frameworks,
files keeps track of all of its state in a Kafka Topic dedicated for each stream.
Doing so, keeping this changelog allows Faust to scale up from
one node to thousands of processing nodes without skipping a beat. How does this work?
Well, similar to the way any Kafka producer works.
As events happen in our stateful table,
say a user makes an additional purchase,
and we update the total value of their lifetime purchases,
an event is emitted for that specific event.
Essentially, anytime a change occurs,
Faust emits an event to the changelog topic with the change details.
Using this compact changelog topic,
files can recreate state on boot by
reading through the topic before beginning to process messages.